clarify that character references are not interpreted in HTML blocks and raw HTML (#690)
commonmark/commonmark-spec: spec.txt

````````````````````````````````

Entity and numeric character references are treated as literal
text in code spans and code blocks:

```````````````````````````````` example
`f&ouml;&ouml;`
.
<p><code>f&amp;ouml;&amp;ouml;</code></p>
````````````````````````````````

```````````````````````````````` example
    f&ouml;f&ouml;
.
<pre><code>f&amp;ouml;f&amp;ouml;
</code></pre>
````````````````````````````````

> Entity and numeric character references are left uninterpreted
> in HTML blocks and raw HTML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity and numeric character references are not interpreted
in HTML blocks and raw HTML:
```

Personally I think this suggestion is clearer, but I don’t have strong opinions on it.

```````````````````````````````` example
<div id="&copy&asdf;">

Link <a href="&copy&ouml;&ouml;.html">
.
<div id="&copy&asdf;">
<p>Link <a href="&copy&ouml;&ouml;.html"></p>
````````````````````````````````

> Entity and numeric character references are recognized in any
> any other context, including URLs, [link titles], and
> [fenced code block][] [info strings]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity and numeric character references are recognized in any
other context, including URLs, [link titles], and
[fenced code block][] [info strings]:
```

Double `any`.

````````````````````````````````

> Entity and numeric character references are copied uninterpreted in HTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entity and numeric character references are not interpreted in HTML
```

Same as my earlier reasoning.

attributes:

```````````````````````````````` example
foo <a href="&ouml;&copy">
.
<p>foo <a href="&ouml;&copy"></p>
````````````````````````````````

> Backslash escapes are also copied uninterpreted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backslash escapes are also not interpreted:
```

````````````````````````````````

Not interpreting backslash escapes can mean not recognizing

> a tag that HTML5 would recognize:

Reviewer: I’m not a fan of this sentence: HTML(5) definitely does recognise this. It’s a “valid” but weird link to `\` and an attribute `"` (w/o value).

Perhaps better to say something along the lines of:

```
As backslash escapes are a markdown thing, and not an HTML thing,
they are not interpreted in HTML:
```
